README.md, before:


<a name="readmemd"></a>

Template for making easy-to-work-with tempates

# ts-template

## Usage

1. [Copy this template](https://github.com/rhdeck/ts-template/)
2. Clone to a local directory (eg `git clone https://github.com/me/my-repository/ && cd my-repository`)
3. Run `./setup.js` to initialize the node package (Get rid of template strings - and this readme!)
4. Happy Coding!

## Useful Scripts

1. `yarn build` will build using typescript pre-configured to node-compatible defaults
2. `yarn docs` will auto-generate a README.md that starts with TOP.md, then adds CLI documentation (via [commanderdoc](https://npmjs.com/package/commanderdoc)) for any tool you have set up, and then library documentation after that.
3. `yarn test` is pre-configured to test for typescript errors

## Git code protections

1. `git commit` will be blocked on the `main` branch unless you set the environment variable `ALLOWMAIN=1` Branch commits and PRs are thus encouraged
2. `git commit` also tests messages for meeting the commitline standard conventions.
3. `git commit` blocks pushes that do not pass `yarn test` (as a base case, they must pass typescript compilation)
4. `npm publish` will always rebuild the code, the documentation, and push those changes back to the repository.
5. `npm publish` will only publish the lib and src directories - any others are no

## A note on "main"

I made a deliberate choice to change the primary branch from `master` to `main` for reasons that are obvious to some. This repository endeavors to make that just automatic.

PRs and feedback welcome via GitHub issues.


<a name="__climd"></a>

# Usage
```bash
npx template [options]
```

<a name="_librarymd"></a>

[template - v1.0.2](#readmemd)

# template - v1.0.2

Commit message:

Upgrade to Typescript 4.4 (#13)
* chore: add docstemp to gitignore

* feat: upgrade typescript and typedoc dependencies

Update doc* scripts to use the new CLI arguments (no more mode or --excludeNotImported)

* fix: use the compiled version of the readme

Dogfooding!

* chore: update yarn.lock

README.md, after:


<a name="readmemd"></a>

Template for making easy-to-work-with tempates

# ts-template

## Usage

1. [Copy this template](https://github.com/rhdeck/ts-template/)
2. Clone to a local directory (eg `git clone https://github.com/me/my-repository/ && cd my-repository`)
3. Run `yarn && yarn setup` to initialize the node package (Get rid of template strings - and this readme!)
4. Happy Coding!

## Useful Scripts

1. `yarn build` will build using typescript pre-configured to node-compatible defaults
2. `yarn docs` will auto-generate a README.md that starts with TOP.md, then adds CLI documentation (via [commanderdoc](https://npmjs.com/package/commanderdoc)) for any tool you have set up, and then library documentation after that.
3. `yarn test` is pre-configured to test for typescript errors
4. `yarn watch` will watch the codebase for changes and rebuild (using [livelink](https://npmjs.com/package/@raydeck/livelink))

## Git code protections

1. `git commit` will be blocked on the `main` branch unless you set the environment variable `ALLOWMAIN=1` Branch commits and PRs are thus encouraged
2. `git commit` also tests messages for meeting the commitline standard conventions.
3. `git commit` blocks pushes that do not pass `yarn test` (as a base case, they must pass typescript compilation)
4. `npm publish` will always rebuild the code, the documentation, and push those changes back to the repository.
5. `npm publish` will only publish the lib and src directories - any others are no

## A note on "main"

I made a deliberate choice to change the primary branch from `master` to `main` for reasons that are obvious to some. This repository endeavors to make that just automatic.

PRs and feedback welcome via GitHub issues.


<a name="__climd"></a>

# Usage
```bash
npx template [options]
```

<a name="_librarymd"></a>

template - v1.0.0

# template - v1.0.0
